README.md, before:

# Convoy

To start your Phoenix server:

- Run `mix setup` to install and setup dependencies
- Start Phoenix endpoint with `mix phx.server` or inside IEx with `iex -S mix phx.server`

Now you can visit [`localhost:4000`](http://localhost:4000) from your browser.

Ready to run in production? Please [check our deployment guides](https://hexdocs.pm/phoenix/deployment.html).

## Cluster stuff

```bash
# locally, with 3 separate shells open
# must specify port as to not interfere with eachother
PORT=4000 iex --name convoy1@convoy.local --cookie my_secret -S mix phx.server
PORT=4001 iex --name convoy2@convoy.local --cookie my_secret -S mix phx.server
PORT=4002 iex --name convoy3@convoy.local --cookie my_secret -S mix phx.server

# but the nodes won't automatically be connected
iex> Node.list
[]

# to connect nodes you can do:
iex> Node.connect(:"convoy2@convoy.local")
iex> Node.connect(:"convoy3@convoy.local")
iex> Node.list
[:"convoy3@convoy.local", :"convoy2@convoy.local"]

# can also communicate with the ConvoyWorker GenServer running on each node
iex(convoy3@convoy.local)5> send({Convoy.ConvoyWorker, :"convoy1@convoy.local"}, :ping)
# then on convoy1 you should see
Received ping on node convoy1@convoy.local
```

## Docker

```bash
# build and spin it up locally
# note, you'll have to generate a secret key first
mix phx.gen.secret

sudo docker run \
-e SECRET_KEY_BASE="<redacted>" \
-e PHX_HOST=localhost \
-p4000:4000 \
convoy:debug
```

## Learn more

- Official website: https://www.phoenixframework.org/
- Guides: https://hexdocs.pm/phoenix/overview.html
- Docs: https://hexdocs.pm/phoenix
- Forum: https://elixirforum.com/c/phoenix-forum
- Source: https://github.com/phoenixframework/phoenix

Commit message:

some notes in readme b4 i 4get

README.md, after:

# Convoy

To start your Phoenix server:

- Run `mix setup` to install and setup dependencies
- Start Phoenix endpoint with `mix phx.server` or inside IEx with `iex -S mix phx.server`

Now you can visit [`localhost:4000`](http://localhost:4000) from your browser.

Ready to run in production? Please [check our deployment guides](https://hexdocs.pm/phoenix/deployment.html).

## Cluster stuff

```bash
# add this to your /etc/hosts
127.0.0.1   convoy.local

# locally, with 3 separate shells open
# must specify port as to not interfere with eachother
PORT=4000 iex --name convoy1@convoy.local --cookie my_secret -S mix phx.server
PORT=4001 iex --name convoy2@convoy.local --cookie my_secret -S mix phx.server
PORT=4002 iex --name convoy3@convoy.local --cookie my_secret -S mix phx.server

# but the nodes won't automatically be connected
iex> Node.list
[]

# to connect nodes you can do:
iex> Node.connect(:"convoy2@convoy.local")
iex> Node.connect(:"convoy3@convoy.local")
iex> Node.list
[:"convoy3@convoy.local", :"convoy2@convoy.local"]

# can also communicate with the ConvoyWorker GenServer running on each node
iex(convoy3@convoy.local)5> send({Convoy.ConvoyWorker, :"convoy1@convoy.local"}, :ping)
# then on convoy1 you should see
Received ping on node convoy1@convoy.local
```

In a deployed enviroment, ensure that some RELEASE environment variables are set.

RELEASE_DISTRIBUTION=name
RELEASE_NODE=convoy@convoy.railway.internal

## Docker

```bash
# build and spin it up locally
# note, you'll have to generate a secret key first
mix phx.gen.secret

sudo docker run \
-e SECRET_KEY_BASE="<redacted>" \
-e PHX_HOST=localhost \
-p4000:4000 \
convoy:debug
```

For more information about deploying with Docker see
https://hexdocs.pm/phoenix/releases.html#containers

Here are some useful release commands you can run in any release environment:

    # To build a release
    mix release

    # To start your system with the Phoenix server running
    _build/dev/rel/convoy/bin/server

Once the release is running you can connect to it remotely:

    _build/dev/rel/convoy/bin/convoy remote

To list all commands:

    _build/dev/rel/convoy/bin/convoy

## Learn more

- Official website: https://www.phoenixframework.org/
- Guides: https://hexdocs.pm/phoenix/overview.html
- Docs: https://hexdocs.pm/phoenix
- Forum: https://elixirforum.com/c/phoenix-forum
- Source: https://github.com/phoenixframework/phoenix
